README.md, before:

# Simple Web Browser by Deividas Strole

A lightweight and simple web browser application built with **Java** and **JavaFX** by **Deividas Strole**. This project demonstrates the creation of a basic web browser with essential navigation features such as back, forward, refresh, and URL entry.

---

## 🚀 About the Project

**Simple Web Browser** is a desktop application that allows users to browse the web in a simple, minimal interface. It is built with **JavaFX** and utilizes `WebView` and `WebEngine` for rendering web pages.

This project is developed by **Deividas Strole** to showcase Java GUI development skills and web integration capabilities.

---

## 💻 Features

- Enter and navigate to any URL.
- Back and forward navigation buttons.
- Refresh the current page.
- Displays the current URL in a text field.
- Minimalistic and easy-to-use interface.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Java** - Core programming language.
- **JavaFX** - GUI framework for creating desktop applications.
- **WebView & WebEngine** - For loading and displaying web pages.

---

## 🎯 How to Run

1. Make sure you have **Java 11+** and **JavaFX** installed.
2. Clone the repository:

bash
git clone https://github.com/deividas-strole/SimpleWebBrowser.git

3. Navigate to the project directory and compile:

bash
javac -d out src/com/visitormaker/mysimplebrowser/SimpleWebBrowser.java

4. Run the application:

bash
java -cp out com.visitormaker.mysimplebrowser.SimpleWebBrowser

2025 Deividas Strole | Java Developer | Full-Stack Enthusiast | Passionate about building efficient applications

Commit message:

Add LinkedIn and YouTube links to README
Added contact information for Deividas Strole.

README.md, after:

# Simple Web Browser by Deividas Strole

A lightweight and simple web browser application built with **Java** and **JavaFX** by **Deividas Strole**. This project demonstrates the creation of a basic web browser with essential navigation features such as back, forward, refresh, and URL entry.

---

## 🚀 About the Project

**Simple Web Browser** is a desktop application that allows users to browse the web in a simple, minimal interface. It is built with **JavaFX** and utilizes `WebView` and `WebEngine` for rendering web pages.

This project is developed by **Deividas Strole** to showcase Java GUI development skills and web integration capabilities.

---

## 💻 Features

- Enter and navigate to any URL.
- Back and forward navigation buttons.
- Refresh the current page.
- Displays the current URL in a text field.
- Minimalistic and easy-to-use interface.

---

## 🛠️ Technologies Used

- **Java** - Core programming language.
- **JavaFX** - GUI framework for creating desktop applications.
- **WebView & WebEngine** - For loading and displaying web pages.

---

## 🎯 How to Run

1. Make sure you have **Java 11+** and **JavaFX** installed.
2. Clone the repository:

bash
git clone https://github.com/deividas-strole/SimpleWebBrowser.git

3. Navigate to the project directory and compile:

bash
javac -d out src/com/visitormaker/mysimplebrowser/SimpleWebBrowser.java

4. Run the application:

bash
java -cp out com.visitormaker.mysimplebrowser.SimpleWebBrowser

## 📫 Connect with Deividas Strole

- LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/deividas-strole](https://linkedin.com/in/deividas-strole)  
- YouTube: [youtube.com/@deividas-strole](https://youtube.com/@deividas-strole)


2025 Deividas Strole | Java Developer | Full-Stack Enthusiast | Passionate about building efficient applications
